[Music]
[Applause]
twelve emotions you might feel but can't
explain have you ever felt a certain way
but you just couldn't explain exactly
what you were feeling ah of course you
have and probably many times human
emotion is an extremely complex thing
and happy or sad or mad just don't do it
justice but don't worry even the most
complicated and indescribable emotions
have not only names but also deep
psychological meaning behind them are
you ready to put words to your most
unexplainable feelings then keep on
watching but before you get even more in
touch with your emotions take this
moment to subscribe to our channel we
upload new and informative videos like
this one every single day so be sure to
turn on post notifications too that way
you'll always stay up to date on the
bright side of life now you won't find
any of the following words in a
dictionary well actually you can but
only in one the dictionary of obscure
sorrows this is an entirely online
dictionary created by writer John Koenig
in it he describes and gives names to an
array of human emotions that we don't
yet put to words it's quite practically
written so you should definitely check
it out you can find a link to the
official site in the description box
below as for today's video we've chosen
our 12 favorites from this point on the
dictionary will refer to Cain eggs
dictionary specifically enjoy number 12
saunder have you ever been walking down
the street or sitting in a cafe and
realized all the people around you have
their own complex and colorful life
story just like you do painting calls
this saunder this is one of those
feelings that catches you off-guard
you're just sitting about your business
when you suddenly understand that every
anonymous person around you has their
own goals fears and routine that you'll
never know sometimes it can get you down
for some reason but don't
worried experiencing sundar is actually
really good for you
it broadens your horizons and shows you
that there are millions of different
perspectives out there
it means you understand and respect that
everybody is an individual and not
everything is about you
number 11 hanker soar this one is
actually pretty funny and you'll quickly
understand that all of us have had this
feeling before to put it short hanker
soar is when you find someone so
attractive that it even kind of makes
you mad and nobody is even sure why they
feel this way about a good-looking
person perhaps deep down you want to be
as attractive as them or maybe you
assume that their beauty means they've
had it easier in life than you have but
most of the time the person feeling
hanker soar can't even explain it
themselves
number 10 Leakey ISM the thing about
human emotion is that it goes from
extremely light to frightening ly dark
at first glance a lot of emotions can
seem disturbing and even destructive in
some sense you can add Locka sysm to
this category too according to the
dictionary lacus ism is the desire to be
struck by a disaster whether it's
surviving a plane crash or losing
everything in life the actual term comes
from the Greek word Laxus which means
the disposer of lots when we feel it it
comes from an urge to prove to ourselves
that were strong and resilient enough to
survive any dangerous situation and it's
no wonder this feeling develops in us
since there are so many stories in the
media movies and books about people
overcoming challenges with all this
around you might ask yourself would I
act this bravely in a similar situation
so don't worry
Lycus ism doesn't mean you actually want
to go through horrific experiences it's
simply your desire to test your
abilities
number nine elipse ISM no matter how
much we want it nobody can live forever
but don't you want to see how everything
will turn out in the future
what's our planet going to look like in
a hundred or a thousand years if you are
inquisitive like that then elipse ism is
definitely one of the most common
feelings in your emotional range among
those who are most prone to this emotion
are scientists researchers artists and
anyone who looks at the world around
them with great curiosity
unfortunately this feeling is almost
impossible to fight so it's probably
better to just let yourself feel elipse
ISM to the fullest sure it is pretty sad
but thankfully it never sticks around
for too long number eight
Bauer Bauer try kite this impossible to
pronounce word describes the desire to
push people away even your loved ones
it seems so unreasonable right I mean
who would want to drive away from people
they love and who love them where does
this feeling come from psychologists
have a simple answer to that question
fear it's no secret that low self-esteem
often causes us to feel like we're not
good enough
well this paves the way for an urge to
keep others from seeing our
imperfections up close as a result we
decide not to show them anything at all
because it seems easier however with MAO
or Bauer try or get the earlier you find
the root of the problem the better don't
limit yourself because of your
insecurities accept them as your unique
characteristics and work on being proud
of who you are number 7 NOS en we think
that we know everything about the people
we see each day whether it's your family
members a spouse or your best friend
you've known since you were both in
diapers you feel confident that you know
your close ones better than you know
yourself that is until NOS en one day
takes hold of your brain and you
suddenly realize that your loved ones
have an inner world that you know
absolutely nothing about
we'll never have access to fears worries
desires secrets they're completely
closed off to you and your status as
their best friend or significant other
doesn't give you VIP access to their
inner world they can make you feel a bit
cheated and insecure around the people
that are supposed to make you feel
safest but like sundar it's part of
understanding that we're all individuals
with our own unique complexities number
six
libero sis if you tend to worry a lot
and the thought of losing control of
your life scares the heebie-jeebies out
of you
then you've probably experienced libero
psious at least every now and again the
dictionary defines it as the desire to
care less about things to loosen your
grip on life to stop glancing behind
your every step and rather hold your
life loosely and playfully but isn't
that something pretty much all of us
want to stop stressing and just start
living if you notice that you feel
libero City often just ask yourself what
stresses me out the most is it really
all that bad allow yourself to let loose
a little sometimes going with the flow
is the best thing you can do
number five mana copsis if you often
feel like you never really belong
somewhere then that would be mana copsis
kane eggs dictionary describes it as the
subtle but persistent feeling of being
out of place you're lucky if you've
never experienced it but most of us
definitely can't say the same what's
worse it usually doesn't have any valid
reasoning behind it you can logically
understand that everything's fine and
everybody in the group likes you what
you just can't stop feeling that you
don't belong when this happens
make sure to analyze it what's the main
reason you feel this way what triggers
it if it happens often try to talk it
out with your pals don't just brush it
off sometimes your subconscious can give
you really important clues number four
own ism
Oh anism is especially common among
travelers and adventurers it's basically
an understanding of how little of the
world you actually experience the world
is so big and full of countless
beautiful places that it can be
overwhelming when you start to think
about it but unfortunately just like the
dictionary puts it we're all stuck in
just one body that inhabits only one
place at a time and who knows whether or
not we'll see all the places we dream of
seeing perhaps own ism detects your deep
desire to travel more often so why not
book a ticket to someplace you've always
wanted to visit after all it's a big
world out there and it's got so much to
offer
number three Nighthawk The Dictionary
describes Nighthawk as a recurring
thought that only seems to strike you
late at night you ever have trouble
falling asleep because you're thinking
about an overdue tasks or feeling guilty
about something you did if you want to
get rid of your Nighthawk just resolve
the issue that's causing it if it's a
late task then get it done if it's guilt
for your actions then work on accepting
it and forgiving yourself or apologize
to the person who was most affected by
it if it's a thought of doing something
you're scared of it means it's time to
do it Nighthawk is the easiest way to
figure out what unfinished business is
bothering your subconscious make use of
it number two Kotok trick Trista's don't
let the beautiful-sounding name fool you
this feeling is really dismal the
dictionary defines it as the sadness
that you'll never really know what other
people think of you whether good bad or
if at all but seriously wouldn't you
want to know how others actually
perceive you or do you want to believe
that ignorant is bliss tell us in the
comments anyway this feeling couldn't be
more human I mean we're social creatures
and the desire to fit in and be liked
and accepted is in our DNA
unfortunately it's simply impossible to
know what others are thinking the only
clue we can get is in their actions
they speak louder than words number one
jska have you ever had full-on
imaginary conversations with someone in
your head then congratulations you're
definitely familiar with jska canings
dictionary calls Jessica a hypothetical
conversation that you compulsively play
out in your head it could be an ideal
comeback that you didn't think of in the
moment story of most of our lives right
a deep conversation or just a dialogue
you wish you had with somebody in the
past or future this of course comes from
your desire to have your own perfect
closure that you never really had in
reality just don't play along with it
for too long the past is the past
fantasies aren't real and you shouldn't
allow your thoughts to keep you from
living in the here and now which of
these emotions have you experienced the
most or maybe there's one you'd really
like to feel tell us in the comment
section below if this video helps you
understand your feelings better make
sure to give it a like and share it with
your friends and family so that they'll
find out more about themselves too and
if you want more bright side in your
life just click Subscribe and join us
until next time
[Music]